Update ERC-4337: Updates post-audit (#957)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-4337.md

A node/bundler MUST reject a `UserOperation` that fails the validation, meaning not adding it to the local mempool
and not propagating it to other peers.

> ### JSON-RPC API for ERC-4337

Author: ```suggestion
### JSON-RPC API for [ERC-4337](./eip-4337)
```

All EIP-7702 delegated Smart Contract Account implementations MUST check that all calls to the initialization function originate from the `entryPoint.senderCreator()` address.

There is no way for the `EntryPoint` contract to know whether an EIP-7702 account has been initialized or not.

> The `initEip7702Sender()` function, and therefore the EIP-7702 account initialization code, can be called multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `factory` is `0x7702`, then the `EntryPoint` will call the account itself with the `factoryData` as an initialization function. This initialization can happen multiple times.
```

> There is no way for the `EntryPoint` contract to know whether the EIP-7702 account has been initialized or not.
> The `initEip7702Sender()` function, and therefor the EIP-7702 account initialization code, can be called multiple times.
> The Account code SHOULD only allow calling it once and the Wallet Application SHOULD NOT pass the `initCode` repeatedly.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no way for the `EntryPoint` contract to know whether an EIP-7702 account has been initialized or not.
The `initEip7702Sender()` function, and therefore the EIP-7702 account initialization code, can be called multiple times.
The Account code SHOULD only allow calling it once and the Wallet Application SHOULD NOT pass the `initCode` repeatedly.

```

All EIP-7702 delegated Smart Contract Account implementations MUST check that all calls to the initialization function originate from the `entryPoint.senderCreator()` address.

> There is no way for the `EntryPoint` contract to know whether an EIP-7702 account has been initialized or not,  and therefore the EIP-7702 account initialization code, can be called multiple times through `EntryPoint`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no way for the `EntryPoint` contract to know whether an EIP-7702 account has been initialized or not, and therefore the EIP-7702 account initialization code, can be called multiple times through `EntryPoint`.
```
